tell amigos yo si todos x1011 new moms
yo name Rima your K Evod gusta need a
few sus tenido que esta
one
boom
is color red my door he is play me for
Rigo sol la si
dost amigo
eerie play those mean
see La Soul Fontaine ego
Oh me
in its ask Allah save us Allah
in a single beer
nobody was something
Estela want some toys
don't yell just
total squad is the
me boyo yeah
mr. heo tall of star singles in heels
en vivo nope of them gremlins forcing up
the gas oven case grainy Johnston elysée
é que le Ghidorah Mila Yamahas okay
so the dough is those open it
come
laughing
hi
go
they doin
hello
ever
Oh
is that yes I used to
young
the rio rico military marrow escuchen
now
you're killing whether you have to
yes
today
like Grammy fuss
Wow
Raymie
see no reason
they don't
Blamey fancy
for me
the Remy love
mirre sing go wrestle
and Rado see go fuh fuh
primero Elida yes papa the color pizza
la première present the dilemma
Oh
oh I don't
No
is tasting this is winter it
the
you can hold it up
well no it's taken a piss a Passover
Oh
nada fava Mimi creamier papa me
Papa me Mira Mira devadasi three four
five
they whatever
doh creamy Wafaa mala
but I think of us do rainy Papa Papa me
me me me
hey Sol Sol Sol Tommy me rain before
they learn repeating otra vez me right
away
Ramirez is Mira Mesa dar Pardo segunda
vez es mirador a bueno este año más para
ellos y este cuento toriel de de la la
ones are you know sue one of ways knows
when you stare